Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Excuse me. you're in my seat.
Am I? Actually. yes. you are.
You one of those
weirdo compulsives
who come to the same
restaurant. sit in the same chair.
and eat the same food every day?
No. no. no. I was sitting
right there three minutes ago.
and then I went outside
to get myself a paper.
I ordered a juice. and look. I made a
crawling snake with the straw wrapper.
You can finish it if you
think you're up to the job.
I'm sorry. You want me to move?
Not anymore.
So. what's up? I
don't have time to talk.
But you haven't heard
what I'm going to say.
See. now we've already
talked more than I wanted to.
Well. I did give you
my seat. you know.
I think that gets
me one question.
Listen. diner guy... Shawn.
Shawn. Flattered. really.
Very often. I am happy
to meet new people.
But today. right here.
right now. I can't talk.
I understand. I do.
What if I do the
talking for both of us?
Have at it!
Do you mind if I read the paper
and stare aimlessly out the
window while you two talk?
No. Can I get a
name to work with?
Juliet.
Well. it's very nice
to meet you. Juliet.
(IN WOMAN'S VOICE) It's
nice to meet you. too. Shawn.
And I am sorry about your
seat. So. lunch is on me.
So. what do you do for a living?
(IN HIS OWN VOICE) I
do a little bit of everything.
(IN WOMAN'S VOICE)
Oh. that sounds interesting.
And maybe a
little bit dangerous.
Oh. I like your
jacket. I like it...
Okay. can I stop you here?
First off. in your
portrayal of me.
I sound like I'm in
the eighth grade.
Well. in my portrayal of you. you
only have an eighth grade education.
(SCOFFS)
All right. smarten
you up. College. yeah?
Top your class.
graduate early... Got it.
(IN WOMAN'S VOICE) I'm new to
town. and I don't know many people.
But I do know my
cats. Two of them.
The gray one is
very affectionate.
the white one makes me work
much. much harder for the attention.
And what about your family?
My family is amazing!
My parents have been together
for. what is it. 30 years now?
Okay. do we know each other?
Yes. you were the
girl who stole my seat!
Oh. my gosh. you're a cop!
I'm not a cop!
The paper. the vantage
point. the layout. of course!
You got defensive when Scary
Guy walked in. you're totally a cop!
Okay. Shawn. I may
need you to do me a favor.
Name it. Duck!
OFFICER: Police!
Gun! Go!
Let me go! Get him up!
Come on!
First time pulling your gun?
Maybe.
I know. you know That
I'm not telling the truth
I know. you know They
just don't have any proof
Embrace the deception
Learn how to bend
Your worst inhibitions tend
to psych you out in the end
Thirty seconds. Mr. Guster.
A-G...
G...
Let me start over!
"Aggiornamento."
A...
G...
O...
(BUZZER RINGS)
(PEOPLE EXCLAIMING)
MAN ON TV: Beautiful
Santa Barbara. California.
is the backdrop for this afternoon's
coverage of the American Spelling Bee.
being held at the
downtown Cabrillo Theater.
Champions from all over
these western United States
have made the trek to test...
What are you watching? Nothing.
Is that Korean
porn? Come on. man!
It's the Regional Finals of
the American Spelling Bee.
What?
Don't mock me.
It's a huge event.
No. I'm just... I'm shocked that
you didn't take the whole day off.
It's on Sports Cal Two.
for your information.
And it's hosted by Bud Collins.
Really? Did they bump the car
washing championships for this?
And is it over soon? 'Cause I'd like
to get back to the woodcarving finals.
MAN ON TV: Let's recap this
morning's unexpected high drama.
It's being held in
Santa Barbara this year.
Down at the Cabrillo.
It's huge. Sold out.
All the experts are
shaking their heads.
I tried to get tickets. but
you gotta know somebody.
Somebody lame. Dude. I can't
believe you're watching that!
I'm taping it! And I don't
care what you think. Shawn.
I watch the bee
semis every year.
Okay. for your sake and mine. stop giving
the spelling bee hip little nicknames.
(SHUSHING) COLLINS: For
those of you who have just joined us.
well. a bit of a shock.
And a little sad. too.
The heavy favorite has had a
bad spell. and Brendan Vu is out!
What? Boo-hoo for Vu. Bud.
No way. Brendan
Vu is out? Already?
Okay. now you're
just scaring me.
Come on. Shawn. He took second
last year. everybody knows that!
No. Gus. nobody knows that.
except for Brendan and his mother.
Okay.
We're gonna show this again.
It looks like young Mr. Vu
may be having trouble breathing.
He does look to be under
some sort of duress. Bud.
His inhaler did not appear
to help. and Vu tumbled.
(AUDIENCE GASPS)
Dang! Paramedics
rushed to the scene.
and within moments. the competition
had taken an unexpected turn.
Wait a second. Did you see that?
This is no accident. There's
something wrong with that inhaler.
Shawn. get out of here.
(PHONE RINGS) For 35 minutes.
competition was suspended.
Psych.
And Vu and his family were
rushed to the hospital. It's the Chief.
I'll have to check with Gus.
Are we available?
Appears we are.
We'll be right there.
What? I can get us
into the spelling bee.
Really?
Guess I was right about the
whole Bandon Dunes thing.
Brendan Vu. Sure.
They need a psychic
detective for that?
They don't.
unless he was sabotaged.
The kid said his
inhaler felt funny.
When he used it. his hand stung.
paramedics get there.
there's no inhaler.
Apparently. the thing
just vanished into thin air.
Shawn. we are so
taking this! Let's go!
How come I can't get you this
excited about girls? Let's go. Shawn!
Or Mexico?
We're here!
Go on in. Mr. Spencer. I've
arranged everything you need inside.
You're leaving? Oh. I was only
here for the mayor's presentation.
and we have a robbery
standoff across town.
Whoa. shouldn't I
go to the hospital.
meet the victim.
get his statement?
Mr. Spencer. the
case is sabotage.
There are 43 remaining contestants.
all presumably with a motive.
Now. you can read guilt just
by talking with someone. right?
Do it.
You want us to talk to all
of them? And their parents.
Today? Mmm-hmm. By 5:00.
In two days. this
whole thing is over.
At that time. all the witnesses
will be in 100 different cities
all over the western
United States.
So. it's now or never.
Good luck.
COLLINS: Spellmaster Elvin
Cavanaugh is a secretive guy.
and yet. he has called for a
press conference after this round!
Can you repeat that. please?
"Butyraceous."
Definition. please?
Adjective.
"Having the
characteristics of butter."
This thing's been
sold out for weeks.
I can see why. It moves so
fast. it's like hockey with words.
There's Elvin Cavanaugh. the
greatest spell champion ever.
He's been the
spellmaster for 14 years.
He's a legend. Wow.
"Butyraceous."
He sits up there all by
himself in that fancy box?
Language of origin?
What is he. the
Phantom of the Opera?
He's a huge celebrity! He
can't just sit in the crowd!
Can you repeat the word?
"Butyraceous."
"Butyraceous"?
Oh. come on. dude.
you're not bored at all?
Do you know how to
spell any of these words?
Proudly. I have never
heard of any of these words.
I file these words
under "Things to say
"when I want to be ridiculed
or kicked out of bed."
See. the problem is that butyraceous
is clearly a Round One word.
Oh. God. stop talking.
I'd like to pretend we still
have things in common. Gus!
Well. instead of sitting here.
maybe we should get to work!
Try not to break anything.
Wow!
So this is what it looks like.
What?
The comfort room.
This is where you go to
deal with missing a word.
Oh. yeah? Where do
they take you to deal with
missing your entire childhood?
Shawn. this misplaced malevolence
you have with the spelling bee
is getting monotonous.
Stop hating on the bee!
I'm sorry. ma'am. I do apologize
for his inappropriate virulence.
Why are you using all these
big-ass words all of a sudden?
I'm not doing that.
That's preposterous!
I was in the
spelling bee myself.
I almost won.
Dude. are you still on that?
Of course I'm still on
it! I know it wasn't "O"!
You may have five minutes
with each contestant. no more.
If the room is needed.
you'll be asked to vacate.
I'll begin with the
eliminated contestants.
Actually. we'd only like
to speak with the ones
that were still in the competition
when the accident occurred.
Ms. Foote.
And let's start with the
shifty-eyed ones. shall we?
And you were there
the whole time?
I was.
Assimilation.
A-S-S-I-M-I-L-A-T-I-O-N.
My son. no one expect
him to come this far.
But he surprise everyone.
You watch him win.
Oh. I don't know. Are they
running odds on this thing now?
'Cause I've got some
cash I'd like to lay down
on the really. really tall girl
with the bulldog underbite.
What. is she on stilts?
(SHAWN LAUGHING)
You do not understand.
This contest. it is
money for scholarship.
It is entry into any
school in the future.
Yeah. Shawn.
The winner of this competition
can just about choose his university.
Your friend is right.
And it teaches
grace under pressure.
Poise. Dignity.
All things you can get at a
hot-dog eating competition.
Plus...
Hot dogs.
Still studying. huh?
Oh. she loves it. Won't
put that thing down.
Well. kudos on the childrearing.
Let me know how
the therapy goes.
Huh?
We're gonna keep rolling because of the
exceptional request by Elvin Cavanaugh.
a behind-the-scenes guy.
to give a press conference
right here at this stage
of the competition!
What's that all about?
Well. I mean. this could
be something big. Bud.
I mean. this year's competition has
just been peppered with controversy.
It certainly has.
Well. he's been watching from a
private box on the balcony. but now.
he's going to come out
so that we can see him.
(GRUNTS) This could
be something big. Bud.
I think he's having
difficulty breathing!
He does look under duress. Bud.
(PEOPLE SCREAMING) Oh. jeez!
Oh. my! Oh. my God! Oh!
WOMAN: Call 911!
MAN: Okay. move over.
(ALL CLAMORING)
Okay. Not to
belittle this guy's life.
but this just got more interesting
than the woodcarving finals.
(ZIPPER CLOSES)
When do we decide if we
should cancel this event?
Why would we cancel?
Well. a body did just
tumble into the crowd.
Didn't land on anybody.
It might be traumatic.
For who?
The mayor. when he realizes all
the hotel rooms are now empty?
We could postpone at least
a day. I'm sure that's allowed.
Do you have any idea how
important this event is to the city?
Now. unhealthy
guy has heart attack.
falls over railing. Case closed.
Certainly not declaring
it a crime scene.
Come on. you can
introduce me to the press.
Okay. just be sensitive.
How about if we don't sell
the seat the guy landed on?
Can I help you?
Has anyone come out of there?
Just the cops. I've been
here the whole time.
Did you hear
anything from in there?
I'm sorry. who are you?
I'm Shawn Spencer. I'm a
psychic with the police department.
I'm sorry. Mr. Spencer.
Look. I don't doubt your ability.
I actually have an aunt who can see
apparitions. and some spooky stuff.
But they told me not to let anybody
in here without a badge. so...
I see.
Okay. As long as you feel safe.
Safe?
What with the dead guy's spirit
being here. and him being so angry.
How angry?
Well. considering he might
have just been murdered.
that's definitely a negative.
(SHAWN LAUGHING)
Man. I wouldn't be happy!
(ALL LAUGH)
(SHRIEKING)
No. please. spare me!
I'm here to help you! Gus!
Back me up here! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Segrete ammunus!
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
(STAMMERING) You guys just
take a quick little look-see. okay?
I'll be downstairs!
Come on. get up!
(GROANS)
Well. we certainly
know what his vice was.
He was a heavy eater. so what?
Nothing. I'm just thinking
Lassiter's heart attack theory
might not be so far off.
Who's Contestant 1953?
It only goes up
to 200-something.
What's 1953 mean?
Nothing.
Is it a rule? No. they don't
really number the rules like that.
Think there was an altercation?
No. something else. He
was all by himself up here.
You smell that?
Dude. don't look at me.
It's sulfuric.
Gus. I am not the one
who had the egg salad.
No. no. no. We manufactured
something last year. heavy stuff.
When it starts to go
bad. smelled the same.
You could pick out a
bottle across the warehouse.
I can't smell anything!
Well. you don't have
the supersmeller.
Gus! You have got to stop
calling your nose the supersmeller.
You wanna nickname a body part?
Nickname your butt. man!
Call it the "tightbouncer."
or the "hexagon."
Ladies are gonna
dig that. I'm telling you.
It's there. It's right there.
It's subtle. but it's right there.
Well. what is it? I don't know.
It's nothing we manufacture.
Aren't you supposed to
know this kind of stuff?
Shawn. I sell pharmaceutical
supplies. I'm not a scientist!
But you're saying it is
something? Yes. I'm pretty sure.
Don't eat it!
What. do I look like an idiot?
What... What... Are
you taking some to go?
Yes! For the road! In case
later on I get hungry enough
to eat something that
might be poisoned!
There are four up there.
and two on the other side.
What. you mean those
two guys up there?
Excuse me. hi. it's time.
The press are ready.
Thank you. All right.
Man. we gotta go!
Sorry. could I
just try that again?
I kind of fumbled the
"safe and secure" part.
Sure.
Be sensitive.
Of course.
The finals will continue
tomorrow as scheduled.
At this point. all indications are
Mr. Cavanaugh was having a heart attack.
stumbled forward. falling
over the railing to his death.
But we wanna assure everyone
that this building
is both safe and...
Our sympathies go out
to Mr. Cavanaugh's family.
and we would like
to offer counseling
to anyone who feels that they might
need it. SHAWN: Who's the blonde?
Lassiter's new partner.
They transferred his girlfriend.
And again. we wanna ensure everyone
coming out for this fantastic event
that it is entirely safe.
Shawn! They're gonna
stop investigating!
One last question. and then I
really have to go wrap up this thing.
Do something!
Is there any word as to what
Cavanaugh's big announcement was?
Moo goo gai pan!
Beef lo mein. kung pao!
Check the food! It was murder!
Oh. did I just say
all that out loud?
Shawn. you'll never find
out what that is without a lab.
I'll get a lab.
A high-tech lab? Right now?
Maybe.
Might have a connection.
Yo!
Shawn. Hey. Dad. great shirt!
You want something.
Why do you always
think I want something?
Oh. you don't want anything.
What a pleasant surprise.
Okay. you got me!
I want something.
I got a poker
game in 45 minutes.
You still talk to Jim Syklan?
Syklan? Sometimes.
Why. what's he to you?
Is he still working at the
regional crime lab out here?
Last I checked. Why?
I need to know what this is.
It looks like a Number
15 with chicken.
Dad. you made a joke!
I think there's poison in it.
Goodbye. Shawn.
(GROANS)
It's just one time! Once!
No cases. Shawn! I was
painfully clear about that.
Oh. no. no. this
isn't for a case.
This is for a friend.
Oh. friend. different.
No!
Look. I'll do anything.
whatever you want. it's one favor.
Anything he can tell me about this
would be very helpful. it's serious.
Shawn. this is really
important to you?
Extremely.
And you'll do anything?
Name it.
(CHUCKLING)
Grab a saw.
What. now?
Well. you said you'd
do anything. right?
You know. most people will wait five. six
whole minutes before they cash in a favor.
I will not saw
through bone for you.
(CHUCKLING)
The doghouse? From eighth grade?
Well. it's not
really a doghouse.
Not yet.
What do you want me to do?
Finish it.
What. now?
Or whenever you
want your information.
You got more wood out back. nails on
the workbench. Home Depot's open till 9:00.
Don't cut any corners.
You're insane!
You're losing light.
Make sure you lock up.
It's creepy that you kept this!
(DOG BARKING) Shawn.
you've done absolutely nothing
to convince me that you're
responsible enough for a dog.
You'll never give me a chance.
Chances are earned. Shawn.
You'll never let me earn it!
Fair enough.
You're gonna need a doghouse.
I saw one at the hardware
store. No. No. no. no.
You're gonna make it. I can't.
Well. it seems to me
that somebody who thinks
they're responsible enough
for the life of an animal
should certainly be able to construct
a roof for the ratty little thing.
All right. I'll make it.
I'll make it right now.
What is that?
"What is that?" It's the
doghouse. No. it's not.
What are you talking about?
I gave you specifications.
When? When I gave you the job.
In 1989?
Shawn. you know as well as I
do this is not what I asked for.
Keep working. Don't be too loud.
The neighbors
are trying to sleep.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(CHUCKLES)
You expect me to
be okay with this?
I worked hard on it.
Shawn. you've been
at this for hours now.
The nails aren't
pounded in all the way.
the base has gotta
be up off the ground.
If it rains. the rain's
gonna flow right in.
And who's gonna fit
in through that door?
That door's not high enough.
I built it. Dad. what
do you want me to do?
I want you to do it right.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SHAWN GRUNTING)
Listen. Dr. Sloane. if I can get
you this product this afternoon.
would it be possible to sit
down with you to discuss the...
M-A...
The unbelievable results
we've been having...
0...
I'm sorry. Can I call you back?
Thanks.
(CELL PHONE RINGS)
Burton Guster. Shawn?
You're in the hospital?
What happened?
(GROANING) You call your dad?
I'm fine. They're releasing me.
Did you call him?
Gus. I am not
gonna talk to my dad.
He'd wanna know you're okay.
All he cares about are results.
Just like those possessed
spelling bee parents.
You know what's wrong
with this? All of this.
Shawn. you're
delirious. You're upset.
You lost control of
your bike last night.
Gus. I didn't lose
control of anything.
Someone tried to kill me or
send a very serious message.
Brendan appreciates
you checking on him.
Well. we were in
the neighborhood.
And. Gus here is a huge fan.
He almost won the
spelling bee himself.
I took some bad advice.
Well. Brendan's
going home tomorrow.
He's fine.
He's more upset about
missing the spelling bee.
Well. maybe they'll decide
to redo the whole thing.
Why'd they do that?
Did you see the inhaler?
Same one as that
little Czech kid?
Get me a seating chart.
I'll bet you I know who Brendan
was sitting next to on day one.
I already checked it out. Nice!
Shawn. something's going
on with that Czech kid.
Talk to me. The doctor on his
inhaler. Dr. Zavin. in Ventura?
Yeah? He doesn't exist.
I do training on that route. The last
doctor in the book is Youngerman.
I double-checked it today.
You're saying that inhaler...
Is a fake.
(LAUGHING)
Where you going?
I am going to build a doghouse!
I thought you gave up.
Yeah. well. it doesn't
appear so. huh?
What happened to your leg?
Absolutely nothing.
You're running your
roofing vertical there. huh?
Yeah.
You might wanna pop
a ridge beam in first.
Well. yeah. that's a given.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm gonna help you.
You've never helped
me before. ever.
You've never asked.
Put a nail in here.
All right. This is weird.
No. thanks.
Not bad.
(SCOFFS)
"Not bad"?
It's like the Park
Hyatt for poodles.
Will you call Jack Syklan?
What is this? Your results.
We had an agreement.
This is a derivative of methyl
parathion. High-grade stuff.
Whatever you're into. I
want you to get out quick.
I'm not kidding.
Wait a sec. How did
you get this so quickly?
Hmm? Oh. Syklan's a
part of my poker game.
So you didn't even
have to call him?
That game was at his house.
And I did all of
that for nothing?
For nothing? Shawn. you've
never completed a thing in your life.
Now you have.
Poisoned?
I feel somebody
poisoned his food.
There is a
Styrofoam container.
yes. and a...
(GROANING)
"Happiness is a
golden poem." What?
(IMITATES CRACKING)
A fortune cookie!
This is ridiculous. Is it?
Mr. Spencer. what we have now
points to a medical condition. not murder.
All appearances show Mr. Cavanaugh
having an anaphylactic reaction.
Not to be out of line. but that could be
triggered by several types of poisons.
Or altered medications.
Or shellfish. which
he was allergic to.
Those results will show
up in the toxicology report.
which we will have a copy of
in approximately two weeks.
No. no. no! That'll be too late.
All the contestants
will be gone...
Home.
You won't be able to
finish a real investigation.
Chief. I sense this!
Look. something
got out of control
and the perpetrator was
willing to kill to cover it up!
What proof do you have?
Only what I feel.
Why are you still
listening to this crap?
Dude. what is your glitch?
You! You're my glitch!
Look. he got nowhere with
his little inhaler assignment.
and then he tells the media
that we had a murder scene!
Cut him loose. Karen!
I mean. do whatever
you think is best. Chief.
Mr. Cavanaugh was gonna make
an announcement. What about that?
The Director said he'd
recently spoken of retiring.
That's not what
he was gonna say.
Oh. you know?
I know.
Mr. Spencer. I asked you to
check in about the inhaler incident.
If you or your partner
have anything about that.
I'd be happy to hear about it.
Otherwise...
We gotta get back into
the spellmaster's room.
Are you serious? Gus.
the killer was there!
There's gotta be some
other piece of evidence inside.
We're not gonna have
time to get in there.
Besides. it's locked.
We'll make it work.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
How hard is it to get into
this event without a ticket?
Impossible.
The new spellmaster.
Check it out.
It's exactly what I
was hoping you'd say.
You can't do that to him!
Gus. he has to learn sometime
that smoking is bad for him.
We're picking it up as a
new round commences.
A lot of excitement
in the air. Ooh. yeah.
The tension is becoming
butyraceous. Bud.
(GROANS)
I'm so sorry if my agonizing
pain is inconveniencing you.
What's this?
It's a mark on a
carpet. Let's go.
Someone must have heard that.
MAN: Thirty seconds.
Live to air. Positions. please.
Time's up. Shawn.
(GRUNTS)
Did you hear me. Shawn?
I've got something!
Yes!
Ten seconds.
Prepare the next word.
That can't be right.
It doesn't mean
anything. Shawn. let's go.
Broadcast in five.
four. three. two...
Maybe this direction.
Hello? We need the word now.
Is everything okay?
Leann. something's
wrong. send security.
No. sorry for the delay.
Give me a word! A word?
Yeah! Something hard.
but something you can spell.
I can spell anything.
Except "aggiornamento."
Give me one! No!
You are not gonna
be spellmaster!
Gus. give me a word so we can
get out of here! We're so close!
Is everything okay up there?
It's fine.
"Banana."
Can you repeat that?
Yes.
"Banana."
"Banana." Shawn?
This is the third round!
You could have helped me!
This is a dead end. Shawn.
we're walking. Let's go!
Definition. please?
What?
(FEEDBACK)
A yellow fruit.
Also. a kind of pudding.
A delicious pudding.
Sentence. please?
"Anna Banana would like to
hear Venus by Bananarama."
"Banana."
B-A-N-A-N-A. Banana.
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDS)
Oh. wait a second.
I've got something!
Dude. we got him! He
was watching the Czech.
Let me see.
We need to get the next word.
Give me a word. No!
You're ruining the whole event!
Suit yourself.
"Onion."
"Onion?"
Even Dan Quayle
could spell that.
O-N-I-O-N. Onion.
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
Are we off the list. Bill?
No. everything's fine.
You're using his grocery list!
You refused to help me!
Now I gotta give
them something else.
"Mitchum."
(ALL LAUGHING)
"Mitchum"? Yes.
"When I go to Albertsons. I need
to buy some Mitchum Ice Blast."
"And bananas."
That wasn't me! I
was locked outside.
I have a reputation to uphold!
So he was watching the
Czech. we have no proof.
There was no film in the camera!
He was using that lens for something
else besides taking pictures. Now. what?
Cavanaugh was known for
ferreting out rule breakers.
He once caught a kid
stealing the advance word list.
And everything he
did had a purpose.
You couldn't have grabbed
one of these five minute ago?
MAN: We're down to
the final two spellers.
This has been a hard-fought
battle right from the start!
We've had tragedy. controversy.
but when it really mattered. these
kids put together a fantastic display
of the power of learning.
(SCOFFS)
Look at this. Brendan Vu
went down on "gladiolus."
So?
So? If I'd been able to see any of
the competition. I could have told you
that was the winning word
from the first spelling bee in 1929.
Okay. you're scaring me again.
All of these words from that
round were the winning words.
They do that once in a while.
they make it a theme round.
This one won the 1985 bee.
this one from 1943.
Gus. what are you saying?
Guess which kid got the
winning word from 1953?
You're staring at his father.
Gus. that's who Cavanaugh
was gonna disqualify.
That's what he was
tracking in the rulebook!
1953! It was 1953.
FINEMAN: Jiri Prochazka.
you have the next word.
"Mastoparietal."
Part of speech?
It is an adjective.
(STAMMERING) Could
I have the definition?
Yes.
"Relating to the mastoid
portion of the temporal bone.
"and to the parietal lobe."
M...
A-S-T...
O-P-A-R-I...
I got him. Let's call the Chief.
And this year's winner of the
Central California Regionals
is Jiri Prochazka!
(SHAWN WHOOPING)
Move out. people. this is what
you came to see. right here.
This is it! Yes!
This competition meant
everything to Miklous!
Oh. boy! Gus! Gus. here we go!
Gus. it's happening!
(GROANING)
I know who killed
Elvin Cavanaugh.
Can't he ever just tell
us to arrest someone?
He does this a lot?
BOTH: Yes.
I'm sorry. I'm kind of a slave
to my visions. I'm a slave.
Do you want me to cuff him?
Why would I want that?
Just a suggestion.
They just sort of come
when they wanna come. and...
Jiri.
Spell "soubrette."
Why is this man speaking?
You can't. can you?
Not without help from your dad.
And that's not a
real inhaler. is it?
This is crazy. this... This...
SHAWN: Cheating was
Cavanaugh's obsession.
He was gonna expose
you as a cheater.
He was gonna disqualify
Jiri. and you knew it.
and you couldn't
let that happen.
You had way too much to lose.
You slipped into the box.
You knew his comfort was food!
He was dangerously unhealthy!
He's starting to go into shock.
You knew he
wouldn't stop the bee!
He never stops the bee!
By the end of the
round. it was too late!
Too dizzy to walk.
he stumbles...
He tumbles over the rail.
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
crashes onto the chairs below.
And there goes the evidence.
Except for one thing.
That inhaler.
It sends electronic signals!
The transmitter
is in your jacket.
You sent the signals from
the audience to the stage.
And I bet at your
home. we'll find the van
that ran me off the road
when I alerted the police!
Dangerous cocktail.
unforgiving poisons.
You don't need it.
I took your advice.
I ran the Chinese food through
the lab. nothing's definite.
I'm sorry.
He just seemed
sure. I took a shot.
(INAUDIBLY)
I'll take it from here.
I could've won that thing.
(CAR STARTS)
Yeah. you could've.
Thank the Lord you didn't.
What is that supposed to mean?
Oh. Gus.
The guy who wins?
Saddled forever as.
you know. the dude
that won the spelling bee.
I'm sure you would've
dealt with it later.
but kids. high school
kids. especially.
they're just
ruthless. judgmental.
Horrible little bastards.
You wouldn't have been
able to date a cheerleader.
They wouldn't have
invited you to any parties.
You'd have been
the object of ridicule.
I mean. this way. you got to
be a smart kid and a cool kid.
Best of both worlds.
That's true. I
appreciate that. Shawn.
Yeah. it's a nice balance.
That's why I had to
give you the wrong letter.
You knew that was wrong?
Oh. come on. Gus.
"Aggiornamento"?
Everybody knew it was an "I".
All right. you hold on.
You were happy one second ago.
I was about to win! I
studied for three months.
Yeah. and you would have
kept studying forever and ever!
All the way till Nationals!
But you're upset
now. I can see that.
But you'll be
fine with it later.
You know what that did to me?
Yes. yes. I do. We
went out the next night.
and you were so flustered that
you threw caution to the wind.
and you hooked up with
Melinda Castleberg! It was nice!
Come here. Shawn!
At least I was honest.
Come here!
Ah. Shawn. what a coincidence.
Yeah. I was just
reading the newspaper.
a little article that sounded
very familiar about a spelling bee.
Thanks for the help. Dad.
Police ever get that evidence?
Yeah. a funny little
bird tipped them off.
Leg doing better?
It's getting there.
doesn't hurt so bad.
Listen. Dad. the thing
about the house. the dog.
it was kind of a big deal.
And I know I held a
grudge about it for a while.
But I think you were right.
A dog needs a house. and a
doghouse needs an occupant.
so as a token of
my appreciation.
I left you a little something.
Sincerely.
thanks.
Shawn. Shawn! No. No way!
Enjoy. Dad.
Shawn. you gotta
take this thing with you!
You kidding? There's no
pets allowed in my apartment!
I'm gonna stick it
on the street. Shawn!
I swear I'm gonna
stick... Shawn!
(SNICKERING) Shawn!
He's not gonna keep
that thing. you know.
It's my neighbor's dog.
Shawn! Take a lap
around the block.
Let him stew a little bit. I'm
gonna take it. and I'm gonna go.
and I'm gonna
stick it on the street!
Shawn! Shawn!
In between the lines
there's a lot of obscurity
I'm not inclined to
resign to maturity
If it's all right then
you're all wrong
But why bounce around
to the same damn song?
You'd rather run
when you can't crawl
I know. you know That
I'm not telling the truth
I know. you know They
just don't have any proof
Embrace the deception
Learn how to bend
Your worst inhibitions tend
to psych you out in the end
I know. you know
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-